hi everyone I'm Kristen from care
d'bries calm and this is a rice mold now
usually you see these used with bento
boxes a it's a really cute way to add
rice to your bento box and you can put
pretty much anything on top of the rice
this particular set comes as a heart and
a star soda my package there's all sorts
of shapes and all sorts of sizes um when
I saw this the first thing I thought of
was that it would be really cute for
Valentine's Day dinner and I thought
shrimp would look good on top because
it's kind of pink or red or whatever and
i went ahead and plated some up two
different ways so let me show them to
you i tend to be a little bit design
obsessed and I really thought that
chopping the shrimp up and perfectly
trying to mold it on top of the rice was
going to work but it didn't I mean it
looks okay I'll put some pictures on the
blog for you it really turned out to
look so much better just leaving the
shrimp in its natural shape and trying
to pick ones that fit well on the heart
so of course you could probably serve
three of these for dinner or something
like that you could put more sauce
around them on the plate that would be
attractive as well so before you make a
before you actually use the rice mold
you want sticky rice and you have a
couple options here one is to go to the
asian market and just purchase some
sweet rice which is delicious and easy
to make and if you don't have that or
you're just lazy or something you know
you can make your own sticky rice at
home I'm going to put a recipe on the
blog for you for sticky rice it's
basically rice vinegar sugar and salt
which you warm up in the saucepan then
your rice to prepare that you have equal
parts rice and water first you want to
drain the rice and let it soak for a
while or vice versa soap it and then
drain it put it in the pot with the
water bring it to a boil turn it down to
a low simmer and boil it for about 15
minutes and then cover the pot with a
tea towel put the lid back on really
tightly and just let it steep for about
another 50
minutes and then is when you followed in
the syrup that you made with the rice
vinegar and the shore of the salt and
you can just sort of gently fold that in
with the wooden spoon and it makes the
rice stickier and it's going to be a lot
easier to keep together as your shape so
I've got some sitting here and i'll do
the part the nice thing about these
molds is they have a little push thing
on the back for pushing it out there's
no need to grease them or do use
nonstick spray or anything like that
because the rice is just it's wonderful
doesn't stick at ease of use so we've
got this sticky rice and you want to
definitely pack it in because that'll
help it to be a stronger shape and stay
together so I'm going to pack as much
rice as I can put a little on top
because you also have the top what
you're going to put on to press it down
okay so I've got an awful lot of rice in
there going to put the lid on and press
it nice and tightly some extra rice
might fall off on the sides and that's
okay so you might want to let this sit
for a few minutes my experience has been
that it releases and holds its shape
really nicely even without sitting um
and I think two of your rice like this
rice is a little bit cool so if your
rice is warmer it might be a good idea
to let it sit for just a minute but I'm
going to go ahead and put it on the
plate and show you how that works remove
the lid so easy look you have a little
button to push and there you go you have
a beautiful rice mold in the shape of a
heart and you can top this with all
sorts of things I'm going to go ahead
and put the Valentine's shrimp dinner
recipe on the idea this page of the shop
site and the sticky rice recipe on the
recipe page of the blog site so i hope
this inspires you i hope it's been fun
thanks for watching have a great day